# BIMM-143-Project-2
Python11 Minghao Zhang Project 2D

# Final draft of Project 2

### Scientific Question: How structurally similar are the active domain of murine coagulation FVIII and human coagulation FVIII in terms of its interaction with VWF?

### Hypothesis: If murine coagulation FVIII is sequentially and structurally similar to human FVIII, then mouse model missing FVIII would have symptoms that are similar to human hemophila A patients.

### File Explanation:
  
Human_seq.fasta: The fasta file that contains the sequence of Human coagulation factor VIII (got from NCBI websites)

Mouse_seq.fasta: The fasta file that contains the sequence of Mouse coagulation factor VIII. (got from NCBI websites)

Rabbit_seq.fasta: The fasta file that contains the sequence of Rabbit coagulation factor VIII. (got from NCBI websites)

Angola_seq.fasta: The fasta file that contains the sequence of Angola coagulation factor VIII. (got from NCBI websites)

Four_seq.fasta: The combined fasta file that contains four species's sequence of cogulation Factor VIII.

Human_FVIII.pdb: The pdb file that contains structural coordinates of human FVIII structure, which is obtained from Swiss Protein((6mf2.1.A)

Mouse_FVIII.pdb: The pdb file that contains structural coordinates of mouse FVIII structure, which is generated by homology modeling by Swiss Protein based on human FVIII structure(6mf2.1.A)

VWF_FVIII.pdb: The pdb file that contains structural coordinates of the interaction between human FVIII structure and human VWF molecule, which is obtainedfrom the PDB database.

Distance.pdb: The pdb file that contains structural coordinates of human FVIII Y1295 and mouse FVIII Y2102, VWF R816, obtained from PyMol Software

Project 2D.ipynb: The Jupyter Notebook of my project 2C code.

Project 2D.html:  File of my Project 2C in HTML format

Superimpose.png: Image file that is generated by PyMol, which shows the superimposed(aligned) human FVIII, mouse FVIII, when interacting with VWF
